In the last video we ran into a little issue around this test right here.
As I mentioned the tests show that we have is all pretty much good to go.
And the issue that we're running into is from somewhere else inside of our project.
So in this video I want to show you a diagram to help you understand exactly what is going on right
now.
The first three the diagram however I'm going to open up the render dot J.S. file so remember this is
what is going to take the name of some each G.M. file and then call the.
From file function attached to j ust.
Recall that this is an async function.
So we have to put the awake keyword right there to allow j ust to dump some time to go and find that
file on our hard drive load its contents up and then pass all the H mountainside there.
So just keep in mind.
Let's go take a look at that diagram.
All right.
A little time flow diagram here.
So we start off at the very top and we're going to work our way down so everything starts off with us
telling j ust om to load up that index dot each symbol file this area right here represents the amount
of time that it takes to go find the file and pass everything inside.
Eventually j ust is going to do just that.
It's going to load the file.
It's going to pass all the e-mail inside of it.
The instant that occurs the from file promise we get is going to be resolved.
So in other words the instant that j system finishes passing it the HMO this promise right here that
we get back from calling from file will be resolved and we're going to continue execution down by returning
the damn object so the instant after that happens we flow into like this left hand side the diagram
our tests then start to run.
So we run all of our different statements and in our case we do the actual form submission and we check
that each one element right away.
And at that point time we see that there is nothing inside the H1 element just yet.
So here's the core issue.
Just loading up the e-mail file and passing the h t doesn't actually complete the entire loading process
of our application.
Once J A storm has passed that HDL it sees that there is a script tag inside there and unfortunately
J a stamp by default does not wait for the script that we are referencing inside that script tag to
actually be loaded and execute it.
So in other words right after that promise gets resolved we run our tests but only some little amount
of time after that.
So represented by this error right here some amount of time later j ust om finally loads up the next
dot J as file and executes all the code inside
just to be clear at the index dot J is file that I'm referencing is the one inside of our sample web
project folder.
So the one that has our code that watches for a summit event on the form element and does the validation
logic so the whole problem right now is that this code right here to actually watch for the form submission
is not executed until after our test run that's it.
That's the problem so we need to figure out some way to essentially tell J.S. Dom to not allow things
to progress or to not return from the render function right here until after all the associated scripts
and resources and whatnot have been loaded up inside of this Dom object.
That's what we have to do we have to delay returning from this until the entire Dom is ready to go and
we can actually effectively run some tests on it because otherwise we're just going to be testing like
a half version of our application that might not have all the job script code that we are relying upon
loaded up inside of it.
All right.
So now that we understand the issue let's take a pause right here.
Write out some code next video to fix it all up.